here's another how to so you've uploaded
your picture but when you upload
directly from you know like here is this
photo and you upload ok upload picture
ok um actually there's where you create
an album duh upload it's right there
creating to help them but let's say just
upload a picture like Christ and I want
to put this at an album all right so I
want to move this to the honey shop
right so i click it on the picture and
this isn't obvious and you think i edit
the album what you get when you edit the
album this is fail right it goes bum bum
bum now you got to go down here and edit
photo it's very hard you can delete or
edit the photos so what they should do
you know when you click on edit album it
should also be they should include the
edit photos with the eval but it should
open up in a bigger screen and allow you
to edit the photos and the album
together but they don't let you edit the
wall photo so then I go edit photos here
are the photos and now you can move it
so I can actually move it to the honey
shop so it's that simple it's not simple
if you don't know otherwise you're like
crowding around all right so let's say
so that just moved that over here
alright so I don't know look it but
here's another hack it just bounced me
out right so let's go back to japan i
wanted i create an album alright i'm
going to select the photos so the photos
that i wanted i believe this was this so
i'm going to go to here to here I want
to upload ok I'm going to open those up
it's that select photo bug again huh
select photos these the photos i want
all right actually want 51 to 60 open
and there's the classic buck alright
let's try the basic uploader huh it
gives named the album I'm going
just call this basically just call it
out of the top beekeeping Japan where
the photos are in Sakai jewel alright so
kai shi that's actually wrong it's no
longer suck I she I'm thinking I wonder
if this is well I don't know if this is
me sick I she Japan all right let's just
put it here it's the city create the
album and then it's going to ask me to
upload right so let's manually go
through these dumb pictures where they
are okay we're at 57 well I think I
can't remember which what they were now
56 58 okay 57 can't remember these are
the right ones you know probably a good
thing to do is actually go through and
name them that's what I should have done
right just a you know because I just
grabbed these from my camera right on
here six all right so i don't know if
it's going to work but i only do a few
because half the time it doesn't work
and it's thinking is it going to work
again there's no indication upload
photos right there's no indication of
whether they're uploading a lot you have
no clue you just have to go away and
hope and come back i mean it's it's so
you know badly coated again look at
flickr i'm gonna show you I shall I you
know that I've got video of flickr I
don't need to show you because it sits
there all right well good luck on your
Facebook fan sites and I hope you enjoy
the videos thanks my name is Michael
travel and co-founder found up score
we basically are an open source for
startups we help startups launch and all
everything that we do is how to percent
free thanks